[Explanation of the 'Action Required' prompt when accessing Qlik Sense reports]

Thank you for contacting us.

The reminder you received is about the expired vizlib extension license. Your personal access is not subject to expired restrictions. This is a renewal prompt for a third-party subscription extension. Unfortunately, this notification was received by all visiting users. Lenovo's subscription request has been submitted by the BICP team toVizlib for renewal. The platform management team will follow up on the replacement of these extensions. We expect to complete this process in the next 1-2 days.

Regarding the ‘Action Required’ reminder you received when accessing Qlik Sense reports, we suggest you review the following:

**THERE ARE NO LIMITS**

**👉** You and your team will not have any restrictions on accessing Qlik Sense reports.

**NO ACTION REQUIRED**

👉 You do not need to do any additional work for the vizlib extension renewal.

**CLOSE AND IGNORE THE PROMPT**

👉 Please click "Don't show again" to close the reminder and continue accessing.

My email address was added to the extension reminder because I assisted with the extension update last time, I'm sorry to include this suggestion via OOO, and we will ignore the first email of your inquiry about the expiration of the vizlib extension, you can find the answer in the automatic reply.

If you have any additional concerns, please contact us. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused and wish you a pleasant day.